---
title: 2015年09月12日
date: 2015-09-12 15:47:04.347000
updated: 2015-09-12 15:47:04.347000
published: True
category: 默认分类
tags: [生活,日记]
type: post
---

# 2015年09月12日

<span style="color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: 'Microsoft YaHei', Tohoma, 'sans serif'; font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;"     >&nbsp; Stress is a common factor in life. Children experience stress from school, new social situations and simply growing up. Adults feel the stress of working, paying bills, raising kids and maintaining households. Seniors also feel stress, even though some may have retired, raised their children and paid off their homes. Certain amounts of stress are a part of life for people of all ages.</span><div style="box-sizing: border-box; color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: 'Microsoft YaHei', Tohoma, 'sans serif'; font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;"     >&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; For seniors, stress has the potential to be especially overwhelming. This type of tension in older adults has unique contributing factors, such as the loss of an elderly spouse or friends. Living alone can increase the sense of isolation. Sometimes the simple tasks of everyday life can cause stress in those who experience physical or medical limitations. The effects of stress can sometimes exacerbate health conditions from which some seniors suffer, causing additional worry.</div><div style="box-sizing: border-box; color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: 'Microsoft YaHei', Tohoma, 'sans serif'; font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;"     >&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Stress can be detected in various ways. You may follow the five most common ways to find out if a loved one’s stress is cause for concern:</div><div style="box-sizing: border-box; color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: 'Microsoft YaHei', Tohoma, 'sans serif'; font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;"     >1.	Changes in eating habits, such as over-eating or loss of appetite, can be caused by overwhelming stress.</div><div style="box-sizing: border-box; color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: 'Microsoft YaHei', Tohoma, 'sans serif'; font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;"     >2.	Mood swings due to stress may present in increased irritability, general sadness or depression.</div><div style="box-sizing: border-box; color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: 'Microsoft YaHei', Tohoma, 'sans serif'; font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;"     >3.	Memory issues may arise in the form of increased forgetfulness of names, places or other things that normally come naturally. Lack of concentration may become a problem. Some seniors may exercise poor judgment, such as excessive spending when they are already on a limited budget.</div><div style="box-sizing: border-box; color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: 'Microsoft YaHei', Tohoma, 'sans serif'; font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;"     >4.	Physical signs of stress can include body aches and pains or increased episodes of illness. Changes in sleeping patterns—either trouble falling asleep or interrupted nighttime sleep—can signal significant stress.</div><div style="box-sizing: border-box; color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: 'Microsoft YaHei', Tohoma, 'sans serif'; font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;"     >5.	Seniors experiencing overwhelming stress often isolate themselves from others, refusing to socialize or participate in activities they used to enjoy.</div><div style="box-sizing: border-box; color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: 'Microsoft YaHei', Tohoma, 'sans serif'; font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;"     ><br></div><div style="box-sizing: border-box; color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: 'Microsoft YaHei', Tohoma, 'sans serif'; font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;"     ><span style="line-height: 20px;"     >&nbsp;&nbsp;The cost of college is going up—again—but not in the way you think. Sure, tuition at both public and private colleges and universities is hitting record levels across the country. But then there’s the matter of paid internships. Not the ones that pay you—the ones that, one way or another, you end up paying for yourself.</span><div style="box-sizing: border-box; line-height: 20px;"     >&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Here’s the deal. Employers like to see internships on the résumé. Three quarters of those surveyed said they want students to obtain real-world know-how “through internships and other hands-on experiences.” Colleges and universities are listening. According to a research firm, 60 percent of students say internships are now mandatory for graduation at their schools. The result: more than half the class of 2011 had at least one internship, according to the National Association of Colleges and Employers.<br style="box-sizing: border-box;"     ></div><div style="box-sizing: border-box; line-height: 20px;"     >&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The high demand for internships in this gloomy economy ends up translating into lots of free labor for companies. Nearly half the 2011 grads were not paid for their work. At not-for-profits, that’s OK (at least in the eyes of the law). But when it comes to for-profit companies, it’s an issue. The Department of Labor has six conditions that must be met for unpaid internships at for-profit companies to be legal. The internship has to benefit the intern (not the company), for one thing. The intern can’t displace a regular employee, for another. The biggie, however, is that the internship must be “similar to training...given in an educational environment.” That’s been interpreted to mean unpaid internships at for-profit companies are legit as long as students receive academic credit.<br style="box-sizing: border-box;"     ></div><div style="box-sizing: border-box; line-height: 20px;"     >&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But to get those credits, in more than 70 percent of cases, you’ll generally have to pay your university for them—often substantially. At Georgetown University, the cost per credit hour is $1,705. At William &amp; Mary, it’s $286 for in-state students, $985 for out-of-staters. Considering that a single course is usually three or four credit hours, that’s really a hefty chunk of change to work for free.</div></div>
